`bs_themer()` fixed to prevent NULL values from crashing themer, fix … (#1112)
rstudio/bslib: NEWS.md

* `navset_card_pills()`, `navset_card_underline()`, `navset_card_tabs()` fixed to now respect header/footer arguments (@tanho63, #1024) 

> * `bs_themer()` fixed to prevent NULL values from crashing themer, fix #1111. (@meztez, #1112).

Reviewer: "crashing" isn't quite right; it implies that themer would throw an error and halt the app. Also please only refer to the PR number.

```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in `bs_themer()` that caused it to stop applying changes if a Sass variable was `NULL`. (@meztez, #1112)
```

> * Fixed a bug in `bs_themer()` that caused it to stop applying changes if a Sass variable was `NULL`. (@meztez, #1112)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in `bs_themer()` (and `bs_theme_preview()`) that caused it to stop applying changes if a Sass variable was `NULL`. (@meztez, #1112)
```
